# British-Airway-Review

# Create an interactive dashboard. The end user of this dashboard will be able to pick the metrics they would like to see with a simple click so they can change between average overall ratings or food ratings or entertainment ratings very easily. The end user also have various other filters to find exactly the data points they are looking for. Each of the visuals are Dynamic filters themselves so you can pick the date you are after or the specific country you are interested in.

# The dataset used in this project include ba_review.csv and Countries.csv. The ba_review.csv file is British Airways reviews, which is a dataset where each row of data is a review so it has an author, a date, a place where the review took place, and a bunch of information about the review with important metrics such as Rating, Seat Comfort, Cabin Staff Service, Food Beverages, Ground Services, and Value for Money. 

# The Countries dataset is joined with the British Airways reviews by joining Place column in British Airways Reviews dataset with Country column in Countries dataset. This join will help me later in using various filters like Continent or Region in the dashboard.

# First of all, I will build a Map Chart. The Place column will be changed to Country/ Region role instead of being a Dimension. Place now will have an Earth shape in front, which Tableau will automatically knows this is geographical location. Double click and Tableau will automatically generate the map. Next, I will create the metrics that I can choose from. Right click to Create a Parameter. A list will be created with Overall Rating, Cabin Staff Service, Entertainment, Food, Ground Service, Seat Comfort and Value. Then, I show Parameter and change it to Single Value List. Then, right click to Create Calculated Field and names it as Metrics Selected. Use Case statement to pick a correct metric when selecting metric in the Parameter. Metrics Selected then will be dragged to Color marks, selecting Average instead of Sum. Then, I adjust the map chart by changing the Opacoty to 100% and choosing my favorite color.
